# Terms of Service

The following terms apply to your use of the Sandstorm Support Service ("the service"), as offered by Sandstorm Development Group, Inc. ("we"/"us").

These terms do NOT govern your use of the Sandstorm software itself, which is governed by [the Sandstorm license](https://github.com/sandstorm-io/sandstorm/blob/master/LICENSE). These terms also do not cover any other service provided by us, such as Sandstorm Oasis.

## Priority Email Support

To request support, email [priority-support@sandstorm.io](mailto:priority-support@sandstorm.io). Priority support means that we will answer your email as soon as practical, before we answer queries from other channels.

### No-fault Termination

We may cease providing e-mail support to you at any time for any reason. If we do this, we will immediately notify your primary contact by email and issue a refund for the current billing period.

## Changes to the Service

We may at our sole discretion choose to discontinue or alter this service.

## Problems and Contact

All problems should be reported by emailing [support@sandstorm.io](mailto:support@sandstorm.io) (or, for priority support customers, [priority-support@sandstorm.io](mailto:priority-support@sandstorm.io)), except for security problems, which should be reported to [security@sandstorm.io](mailto:security@sandstorm.io).

You also may contact us by snail mail at:

    Sandstorm Development Group, Inc.
    475 Fernando Ave
    Palo Alto, CA 94306

## Miscellaneous

As with any agreement, our lawyers said there are additional provisions necessary to explain our relationship.  Read these carefully.

**Disclaimer of Warranties.** THE SANDSTORM SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SANDSTORM PLATFORM OR ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, SANDSTORM AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS AND AGENTS, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. SANDSTORM AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS AND AGENTS DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SANDSTORM PLATFORM OR ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR SECURE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE WEBSITES OR THE MATERIALS (OR ANY PART THEREOF INCLUDING THE SERVICES), THE SUBMISSIONS, THE SERVER(S) ON WHICH THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES ARE HOSTED, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITES OR ON ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. NO OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT OF SANDSTORM OR ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS, AGENTS, MEMBERS OR VISITORS, WHETHER MADE ON THE WEBSITES, IN THE MATERIALS, ON THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. **YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THE PLATFORM OR ON ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, ARE ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.**

**Limitation of Liability.** NEITHER SANDSTORM NOR ANY OF OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS OR SPONSORS, NOR OUR OR THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, AGENTS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES, ARE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOST PROFITS), UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SERVICES AND/OR MATERIALS, INCLUDING ANY MATERIALS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SANDSTORM PLATFORM OR ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, SUBMISSIONS, ANY LINKED WEBSITES OR ANY CODE, PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED, ACCESSIBLE OR USABLE THROUGH THE SANDSTORM PLATFORM OR ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THE SANDSTORM PLATFORM OR THROUGH ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, SUBMISSIONS OR ANY LINKED WEBSITES IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICES, THE SANDSTORM PLATFORM OR THIR PARTY PLATFORM, OR LINKED WEBSITES, AS APPLICABLE. THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO SANDSTORM FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO SANDSTORM IN THE PRECEDING TWELVE (12) MONTHS, IF ANY, TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. NO COMMUNICATION OF ANY KIND BETWEEN YOU AND SANDSTORM OR A REPRESENTATIVE OF SANDSTORM CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF ANY LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY HEREUNDER OR CREATE ANY ADDITIONAL WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS. MULTIPLE CLAIMS WILL NOT INCREASE THE MONETARY DAMAGES LIMIT STATED HEREIN. YOU AGREE THAT THE DAMAGE EXCLUSIONS IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE SHALL APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

**Inaccuracies.** A possibility exists that the services provided on the Sandstorm platform or any third party platform could include inaccuracies or errors. Additionally, a possibility exists that unauthorized alterations could be made by third parties to the API, including in connection with any services available on any third party platform. Although Sandstorm attempts to ensure the integrity of the Sandstorm platform, we make no guarantees as to the completeness or correctness of the Sandstorm platform. In the event that a situation arises in which the services or Sandstorm platform completeness or correctness is in question, please contact us with, if possible, a description of the material to be checked and the location (URL) where such material can be found on the Sandstorm platform, as well as information sufficient to enable us to contact you. We will try to address your concerns as soon as reasonably practicable. For copyright infringement claims, see the section on **"Copyright Claims"** above.

**System Outages.** Sandstorm periodically schedules system downtime for the Sandstorm Platform and services for maintenance and other purposes. Additionally, unplanned system outages may occur. You agree that Sandstorm has no responsibility and is not liable for: (a) the unavailability of the Sandstorm platform or services including those available on third party platforms; (b) any loss of materials, data, transactions or any other information or materials caused by such system outages; (c\) the resultant delay, misdelivery, or non-delivery of data, transactions or any other information or materials caused by such system outages; or (d) any outages caused by any third parties, including without limitation, any companies or servers hosting any of the services, any Internet service providers, any third party platforms, or any Internet facilities and networks.

**Indemnification.** You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sandstorm, its officers, directors, partners, employees, consultants, and agents, from and against any third party claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) that such parties may incur as a result of or arising from (a) any allegation that any information and/or materials you post, submit to us or transmit to the Platform or through a Third Party Platform infringes or otherwise violates the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property or other right of any third party; (b) your breach or violation (including through use of your username or account, whether or not by you) of these Terms of Service, or any applicable laws or regulations; (c\) your access to and use of the services, including services available on the Sandstorm platform and/or any third party platforms; (d) any viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, spyware, or other similar harmful programming routines posted, submitted or transmitted by you to the Sandstorm platform or any third party platform; and/or (e) any claim that anything you submitted to Sandstorm caused damage to a third party, including without limitation, libel, defamation, loss of or harm to reputation or any other damage whatsoever.

**Notice for California Users.** Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California Websites users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California, 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.

**Statute of Limitations.** Any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the services or information available through the Sandstorm platform and/or any third party platforms, or these Terms of Service must be filed within 1 year after such claim or cause or action arose regardless of any statutes or law to the contrary. In the event any such claim or cause of action is not filed within such 1-year period, such claim or cause of action shall be forever barred.

**Modifications to these Terms of Service.** Sandstorm has included the effective date of these Terms of Service on the last page of this document. Sandstorm reserves the right to make changes to any of the Terms of Service at any time, however, Sandstorm shall provide notification to you in advance of any changes becoming effective, such as by posting a notification on the Sandstorm Websites or via e-mail. If you continue to access and/or use the services available through the Sandstorm platform and/or any third party platform after the effective date of such changes, then such access and/or use will be deemed an acceptance of and an agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms of Service as changed. The revised Terms of Service supersede all previous notices or statements regarding the services. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms of Service any time you access or use the Sandstorm Websites or platform, or any third party platform through which the services are offered, and recommend that you print out a copy for your records. Upon our request, you agree to accept or sign a non-electronic version of these Terms of Service and any other policies or agreements set forth or available on or through the Sandstorm Websites, Sandstorm platform, or any third party platform.

**Notice.** Except as explicitly stated otherwise, legal notices will be served on Sandstorm's national registered agent or to the e-mail address you provide to Sandstorm during the registration process. Notice will be deemed given twenty-four hours after e-mail is sent, unless the sending party is notified that the e-mail address is invalid. Alternatively, we may give you legal notice by mail to a postal address, if provided by you through your registration for any of the services. In such case, notice will be deemed given three days after the date of mailing.

**Waiver.** The failure of Sandstorm to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms will be effective only if in writing and signed by Sandstorm.

**Governing Law.** The Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, United States of America, without regards to its principles of conflicts of law that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in the State of California.

**Jurisdiction for Legal Disputes.** Legal disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal and State courts located in San Francisco, California. You hereby consent and submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.

**Severability.** If any provision of the Terms of Service is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the Terms of Service and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

**Assignment.** The Terms and any related rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you without Sandstorm's prior written consent, but may be assigned by Sandstorm freely without restriction.

**Entire Agreement.** This is the entire agreement between you and Sandstorm relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements between us with respect to such subject matter.

**Miscellaneous.** No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by the Terms of Service. Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof. Sandstorm's performance of the Terms of Service is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in the Terms of Service is in derogation of Sandstorm's right to comply with governmental, court, and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the services, including without limitation those available through third party platforms, and any information provided to or gathered by Sandstorm with respect to such use(s). A printed version of the Terms of Service and of any notices given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms of Service to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. The parties agree that all correspondence relating to the Terms of Service must be written in the English language. Should you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms of Service, please contact us as provided in these Terms of Service.

## Effective Date

This policy is effective as of August 30, 2016.
